[Google Scholar] Co-authors (#85)
dimitryzub/stackoverflow-answers-archive: answers/Mikhail/stackoverflow/google/google-scholar/author/get-co-authors/answer.md

const userID = "m8dFEawAAAAJ";

function getAuthorsInfo() {
  return axios(`${BASE_URL}/citations?hl=en&user=${userID}`, AXIOS_OPTIONS).then(async ({ data }) => {
    const $ = cheerio.load(data);

    const link = $("#gsc_cods_urls").attr("data-lc");

    return axios(BASE_URL + link, AXIOS_OPTIONS).then(({data}) => {
      const $ = cheerio.load(data);
      
      return Array.from($(".gs_ai_name a")).map((el) => $(el).text().trim());
    })
  });
}

getAuthorsInfo().then(console.log);
```

Outputs:

```json
[
   "Christoph Benzmüller",
   "Pascal Fontaine",
   "Stephan Merz",
   "Tomer Libal",
   "David Deharbe",
   "John Slaney",
   "Dale Miller",
   "Herman Geuvers",
   "Joseph Boudou",
   "Giselle Reis",
   "Mikheil Rukhaia",
   "Martin Riener",
   "Leon Weber",
   "Jan Gorzny",
   "Oswaldo Duarte Miranda",
   "JCN de Araujo",
   "Odylio D Aguiar",
   "Annika Kanckos",
   "Carlos HC Ribeiro",
   "Joubert de Castro Lima",
   "Ekaterina Lebedeva"
]
```

Alternatively, you can use the [Google Scholar Author API](https://serpapi.com/google-scholar-author-api) from SerpApi. SerpApi is a free API with 100 searches per month. If you need more searches, there are paid plans.

> The difference is that you won't have to write code from scratch and maintain it. You may also experience blocking from Google and changing the selected selectors. Using a ready-made solution from SerpAPI, you just need to iterate the received JSON. [Check out the playground](https://serpapi.com/playground?engine=google_scholar_author&author_id=m8dFEawAAAAJ&hl=en).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference is that you won't have to write code from scratch and maintain it. You may also experience blocking from Google thus you need to understand how to bypass blocks from Google, changing selectors which would break the parser. Instead, you just need to iterate the structured JSON and get the data you want. [Check out the playground](https://serpapi.com/playground?engine=google_scholar_author&author_id=m8dFEawAAAAJ&hl=en).
```

Usage:

```javascript
const SerpApi = require("google-search-results-nodejs");
const search = new SerpApi.GoogleSearch(process.env.API_KEY); //your api key from serpapi.com

const params = {
  engine: "google_scholar_author",                      // search engine
  hl: "en",                                             // parameter defines the language to use for the Google search
  author_id: "m8dFEawAAAAJ",                            // Parameter defines the ID of an author. You can find the ID either by using our Google Scholar Profiles API or by going to the Google Scholar user profile page and getting it from there (e.g., https://scholar.google.com/citations?user={author_id}).

> "view_op": "list_colleagues"                           // Parameter is used for viewing specific parts of a page. "list_colleagues" - to view all co-authors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
view_op: "list_colleagues"                           // Parameter is used for viewing specific parts of a page. "list_colleagues" - to view all co-authors
```
